Clarify ground plane projection & fix up axis convention in constant LOD (#99)
CesiumGS/glTF: extensions/2.0/Vendor/EXT_textureInfo_constant_lod/README.md

![Constant LOD image](./figures/constantlod.jpg "Constant LOD image")

> Because this technique derives texture coordinates from the world-space X and Z position, it is designed for surfaces that are approximately parallel to the ground plane. On surfaces with other orientations, the projected texture coordinates may produce visual artifacts such as stretching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because this technique derives texture coordinates from the world-space X and Z position, it is designed for surfaces that are approximately perpendicular to the Y-axis. On surfaces with other orientations, the projected texture coordinates may produce visual artifacts such as stretching.
```
